
* Chris Williamson
  > The heaviest things in life aren't iron and gold but unmade decisions. The reason you are stressed is that you have decisions to make and you are not making them.
  -- [The One Simple Secret To Stress Less]{https://www.youtube.com/shorts/MsjYKyURQiE?feature=share}

  > Dopamine is not about the pursuit of happiness, it about the happiness of persuit.
  -- [The One Simple Secret To Stress Less]{https://www.youtube.com/shorts/MsjYKyURQiE?feature=share}

  > If you got a dream. Chase it.
  > If you have a struggle. Face it.
  > Got no money. Make it.
  > Do the hard work and embrace it.
  > Do the hard shit though you hate it.
  > And in the end...
  > You'll make it. 


  ---
___

* Stoicism

  > Happiness was more than a temporary state brought on by external factors

  > True happiness comes from lving a life of virtue and acheiving your fullest potential

** Meditations
*** Nature
    $ Nature
    The natural order of things; everything does what it is made to do

    > Don't you see the planets, the birds and bees going about their indiviual tasks, puttinh the world in order as best they can? And you are not willing to do your job as a human being? Why aren't you running to do what your nature demands?

    > To be beautiful and awe-inspiring is what a tree is made to do

    > It is your duty to be the kindest most virtuous human being that you can be
    -- This is your natural order

    > Unfulfilled potential is the only thing truly worth fearing

*** Wealth
    > Recieve wealth or prosperity without arrogance, and be ready to let it go

    > Material things ultimately do not matter
    -- Because they do not fulfil your potential

*** Death
    > Death is a duty
    -- just like fulfilling your potential

    > We can harness our will power to fill our lives with meaning, even in the bleakest suitations.

    ---
   ---

  > We suffer not from the events in our lives, but from our judgement about them!
  -- Epictetus
  -- {$ The philosophy of Stoicism - Massimo Pigliucci}

  > We suffer more in imagination than in reality
  -- Seneca
  -- {$ Stoicism: Become Undefeatable}

  > Learning to live with less will create space in your life for the things that truly matter to you.
  -- Seneca
  -- {$ Stoicism: Become Undefeatable}

  > What need is there to weep for parts of life when the whole of it calls for tears.
  -- Seneca
  -- {$ Stoicism: Become Undefeatable}

** References
   $ Marcus Aurelius: The Man Who Solved the Universe
   {https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv6W0Nv5ev0}

   $ The philosophy of Stoicism - Massimo Pigliucci
   {https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9OCA6UFE-0}

   $ Stoicism: Become Undefeatable
   {https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFkyxzJtiv4}


   ---
  ---
___


* Happiness

  > Happiness is only real when shared

  > Happiness is not something that happens to you, it is something taht you learn

  > Happiness was more than a temporary state brought on by external factors

  > True happiness comes from lving a life of virtue and acheiving your fullest potential


  ---
___


* Love

  > You pluck a flower when you like it. But you water it everyday when you love it.
  -- [Difference between loving and liking.]{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RPIzUkaD-g}


  ---
___

* Jordan Peterson

  > There is nothing that makes you more formidable than verbal competance and being able to articulate, be able to think. To marshal your arguments.
  -- 57:55 [Jordan Peterson - The Keys to Growth, Emotional Resilience & Finding Purpose | Modern Wisdom 436]{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laSK7Pxh0_8}


  ---
___

* Productivity 

  > A habit needs to be established beofre it can be expanded upon.
  - James Clear
